# November 25th Critique: Protoype - Paul Dapolito

## Prototype Feedback

I am really impressed with the prototype that you've set forward. It was an absolute pleasure to use AnimatedArt for a bit using an iPad Air simulator within Xcode.

I think that you've laid out your architecture in a particularly modular and extensible manner. On the right side of the app, you've laid out a small window for users to select (so far) a rotation for their animation, as well as press a button to signify that they'd like to specify the path of the animation. With regard to the options that a user might select for an animation (you've provided rotation so far), I believe that the following selection options might also add to your language's design and make the general flow of the user experience a bit more intuitive:

   + speed of rotation (is that something you've hard-coded in thus far?)
   + number of times the animation will follow the path

With these two suggestions stated, I do think it might be helpful to point out that I did not find either of these aspects of the language to be too particularly intuitive. I was unsure if the animation would simply complete the drawn path once, and I was similarly unsure of how quickly the provided images would be rotating. I feel that allowing users to set these two aspects of an animation's would be relatively easy to integrate into your app and would add to the intuitiveness of a user's experience. With regard to your question on adding sliders for the speed of animations, I did personally find that as something that would enhance your language's ease-of-use. I would thus suggest (as you planned) that you work on implementing these speed-controlling sliders before moving on to other animation components, which could in turn build on all of your prior work with configuring animations (like the sliders!).

I am really impressed with the ability you give users to specify a path in your language, and even more blown away by the fact that images can follow along that path while performing other animated actions like rotation. I can't wait to see how this serves as a foundation for more complicated animations. I found it particularly nice, in terms of your language's design, that animation paths were expressed as a dotted-line. With regard to the paths that users can draw in your language, I found it slightly unintuitive that an image could follow along a disjoint path. I wasn't sure whether it would be possible or impossible to express an animation for an image that was to follow along such a path, and I was only able to decipher whether or not such expression could be achieved empirically. I am not sure how exactly you might rectify this concern or whether addressing this concern is even necessary, but I figured it was worth mentioning in the case that it might be even marginally helpful to you in developing this awesome language.

In terms of making the language easier or more intuitive to use, I have a few suggestions. First off, it would be awesome if the bank of images displayed off of the animation board, like on the rightmost side of the screen. I was often confused by the presence of this image bank while creating animations, and it would make it a lot clearer for users to determine what image they were about to animate if the image was housed in an explicit "staging area". It would also be very helpful to incorporate clearing functionality into the app, as I think the language would be a lot easier to use if a user could remove a particular image (and its corresponding animation) from the animation board. You might consider implementing some sort of interface on the rightmost side of your app that shows thumbnails of all of the images in the animation board and allows a user to edit/delete the configuration of a selected thumbnail.

Besides these suggestions, I think your prototype serves as an absolutely fantastic proof-of-concept for your language, and especially for the GUI by which your language will be used. I loved drawing all sorts of cool animation paths and alternating the rotations associated with particular images, and I feel that your interface is designed in a way which will allow you to grow your language effectively and elegantly. All things considered, I really loved your prototype. Awesome work!
